# Coding Challenge - Let's do it

## Mission

Write a Python script that will print to console only the critical security vulnerabilities found in the API services that are deployed to our kubernetes cluster, that Panoptica is actively monitoring. The format that your script should return needs to be in JSON. See the JSON format below. Your keys will be the same, your values may vary.

```json
{
    "apiCrits": [
        {
            "severity": "critical",
            "name": "Stop messing things up",
            "id": "000000",
            "source": "somesource",
            "description": "You done messed up"
        },
        {
            "severity": "critical",
            "name": "Stop messing things up... Again",
            "id": "000001",
            "source": "somesource",
            "description": "You done messed up, again!!!"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Keys
There are auto generated access and secruity keys you need for authentication. These are read-only and are revoked after completion. You will find them in the .env file in the IDE on the right panel.

## File to use

You will use the occurences_req.py to populate your code. We have already filled in the import statements you will need to utlize the correct dependancies for the python script.

## Panoptica API-Security Auth and Panoptica API-Sec Calling

To access the Panoptica API you need to use Escher Authetication to do so. We have setup the authentication part for brevity sake. Use the example below as a guide.

```python
request.get(url + "/apisec/trace-analysis/apis?orderBy=HighestSeverity&isDesc=true", headers=panop_headers, auth=EscherAuthPlugin(access_key, secret_key))
```

## Possible API-Sec Endpoints you might need

Below are some Panoptica API-Sec Endpoints you could use to gather security analysis and vulnerability information on your applications' endpoints running on your Kubernetes cluster. You DO NOT need all of these endpoints to complete the mission. Figure out which API-Sec endpoint(s) are necessary and use those to complete the mission.

```
https://portshift.panoptica.app/apisec/trace-analysis/dashboard/specsAndOperationsDiffs

https://portshift.panoptica.app/apisec/trace-analysis/dashboard/riskyFindings

https://portshift.panoptica.app/apisec/trace-analysis/dashboard/specsAndOperationsDiffs

https://portshift.panoptica.app/apisec/trace-analysis/apis/findings?orderBy=HighestSeverity&isDesc=true

https://portshift.panoptica.app/apisec/trace-analysis/apis?orderBy=HighestSeverity&isDesc=true
```

# Code It!!!
Now, getting coding and when you are done go to the next page. Reach out to one of the protors if you need help.